Add README to benches (#11508)
bevyengine/bevy: benches/README.md

# Bevy Benchmarks

This is a crate with a collection of benchmarks for Bevy, separate from the rest of the Bevy crates.

## Running the benchmarks

> 1. If cargo isn't already installed, [install it](https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install).

Author: I changed the wording and made it link to the website.

2. Move into the `benches` directory (where this README is located).

    ```sh

>     bevy $ cd benches

Reviewer: No to mention `cd` also exists on [Windows](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-server/administration/windows-commands/cd), which is the only other major OS I could think of this affecting.

>     bevy $ cd benches

Reviewer 2: I don't feel strongly enough about this to hold up the PR, but my argument is that `bevy $` might look sort of arcane to a Windows user. It might not be obvious that this is not part of the command they need to type. And we already have text describing which directory to be in.

>     bevy $ cd benches

Reviewer 3: I wouldn't block on that either. I agree that it can be misunderstood by someone, also I haven't see this "style" to be used anywhere before in the project.

    ```

3. Run the benchmarks with cargo (This will take a while)

    ```sh
    bevy/benches $ cargo bench
    ```

    If you'd like to only compile the benchmarks (without running them), you can do that like this:

    ```sh
    bevy/benches $ cargo bench --no-run
    ```

## Criterion

> Bevy's benchmarks use [Criterion](https://crates.io/crates/criterion) to chart and track benchmarks over time. If you want to learn more about using Criterion for benchmarking, you can read the [Criterion.rs documentation](https://bheisler.github.io/criterion.rs/book/criterion_rs.html).

Author: Changed the wording a bit.

> Bevy's benchmarks use [Criterion](https://crates.io/crates/criterion) to chart and plot the performance of benchmarks. If you want to learn more about using Criterion for benchmarking, you can read the [Criterion.rs documentation](https://bheisler.github.io/criterion.rs/book/criterion_rs.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bevy's benchmarks use [Criterion](https://crates.io/crates/criterion). If you want to learn more about using Criterion for comparing performance against a baseline or generating detailed reports, you can read the [Criterion.rs documentation](https://bheisler.github.io/criterion.rs/book/criterion_rs.html).
```

Just a suggestion.
